" Remember that za will toggle hidden files

" Default editor
set vicmd=nvi

" Colorscheme
colorscheme theme

" Ctrl t to enter shell
nnoremap <C-t> :shell <CR>

nnoremap <C-n> :tabnext <CR>
nnoremap <C-p> :tabprev <CR>

" Opening certain file types in certain programs
filextype *.pdf mupdf %f &
filextype *.mp3 mpv %f
filextype *.mp4 mpv %f &
filextype *.jpg feh %f &
filextype *.png feh %f &
filextype *.svg feh %f &
filextype *.gif feh %f &
filextype *.bmp feh %f &
filextype *.txt nvi %f 
filextype *.c nano %f
filextype *.h nano %f
filextype *.cpp nano %f
filextype *.hpp nano %f
filextype *.cs nano %f
filextype *.m nano %f
filextype *.html nano %f
filextype *.o bvi %f
filextype *.so bvi %f

